So let's now start working on this JavaScript action
that will deploy the code that's produced by the Build step
in our Workflow to AWS S3, to that bucket we created.
And for that in Main JS, we got a couple
of things we have to do instead of this Run function.
And the first thing we'll have to do here
is that we get some input values,
because we'll actually need some information
about the deployment target, so about this S3 bucket,
in order to move our code here.
Of course we could write this JavaScript action
such that we hard-code all the values
for this specific use-case, and this specific bucket,
for this specific AWS account, into this action.
But that wouldn't make too much sense.
We typically wanna build actions that are reusable in theory
and that get dynamic values via inputs.
And therefore I'll go back to the action of YAML file,
and first of all, add some inputs.
Because you can do that for JavaScript actions,
and also for Docker actions,
which we'll take a look at later,
just as you can do it for composite actions.
And here this action needs a couple of input values.
For example, it needs the identifier,
the name of the S3 bucket to which the files
should be uploaded.
So, in our case, the name of this bucket here.
But again I don't wanna hard-code it into the action.
I wanna create an action that could be reused.
Therefore, I added the this bucket input here.
Of course, this input name is up to you.
And then we have to add a description
where I simply say the S3 bucket name.
And we have to define whether it's required or not.
If it's not required
you can again add a default value here.
However, I will require it because there is
no sensible default value we could add.
The bucket name, could be anything after all.
So that's the first input.
The next input is the region of the bucket,
because with AWS you actually deploy services in regions.
When we created that bucket, we had to pick a region
to which this bucket belongs,
and therefore this bucket region input is required here,
or is needed here, in order to move that code
to the right bucket in the right region.
Even though the bucket name must be unique,
we still must specify the region when uploading our code.
Therefore, here I'll add a description
where I say the region of the S3 bucket.
And this could be required because we need the region
but unlike for the bucket name, here I will set it to false,
because we can make a guess regarding that region
and set a sensible default which would be US-east-1
which is typically the default region selected
by AWS when you haven't picked any other region.
So it makes sense to assume this as a default.
Of course, it can still be overwritten
by users of that action inside of their Workflow files.
Now the last input, which I want here is the Dist folder
which should simply be the path to the folder
that contains the files that should be uploaded
to that bucket.
So the website-files in our case.
Therefore here I'll add another description
which is the folder containing the deployable files.
And then here I set Required to true
because we need that folder.
Of course, we could set it to false and set some default
like Dist if we expect this kind of folder name.
But here I will simply require that.
So with that, I've got three inputs
which must be specified when this action is used.
And now we can extract those input values
in our JavaScript code here.